More and more people prefer to receive news and information in electronic formats.
This is one reason why the governing body has used JW.org as another means to provide
spiritual food at the proper time.
By means of this one website, we can communicate with millions of people around the world,
rapidly, economically, and simultaneously in hundreds of languages.
This form of electronic publishing is also more cost-effective.
So how are your brothers and sisters using the website?
The goal of our ministry is to reach the hearts of people, and the information on JW.org
is helping us to reach the hearts of ones we meet in the ministry.
I really love the contact cards, they're quick, they're easy, I use them on several occasions,
especially for people who don't have a whole lot of time.
It's something that you give to them that's tangible, that takes them right to JW.org.
I really enjoy using JW.org in public witnessing.
When people don't have time to talk, I let the videos do the talking for me.
Even if I don't place literature with people, people always notice the card and take notice
of the website, and I know that if they're going on their plane, they might be looking at
the website later, so it's a good witness.
The website enables me to reach people of many languages and nations who are in a hurry.
I especially enjoy the home Bible studies with mothers and little children, and using
the Caleb and Sophia videos, it helps teach the parents how to instill Bible principles
from a young age in their little ones.
I showed that stealing is bad video, and a little boy reacted like, wow, we shouldn't
steal.
So just like that, he got the point.
Reaching the hearts of those who speak another language is really, truly a blessing.
If I can't talk to them, JW.org can.
I use a research guide, a great deal with my Bible studies.
Often, my study will ask me a question that I just don't know quite how to answer, so
I will just type in the subject right there, answer it in 30 seconds.
I've been able to use JW.org to look up information that maybe my co-workers are going
through and really try to show them the practical value of the Bible, and so I've been able
to look up information for lots of loved ones.
Really it's easy, it's accessible, and it's right there in my fingertips, and it's so wonderful
to be able to have access to it during the day.
What I do is I use the news feature, and I identify my brothers and sisters in other countries
who are in prison, and then I try to pronounce their names in my personal prayers to Jehovah.
Being able to ask the sovereign Lord of the universe to take care of my brothers and
sisters who are in prison for their faith, it is very comforting and reassuring to know
that they are in the very best of hands.
Sometimes change is difficult, and I know many of our brothers and sisters struggle with
change, struggle with using the electronic tools that Jehovah has given us.
All that takes is a little bit of willingness on our part, and a whole different world
of worship literally opens up in using these new tools that Jehovah has given us.
Technology has made studying and learning so much easier.
You can learn more in the same amount of time, because the scriptures are right at your
fingertips.
The brothers have made that JW Library app so easy to navigate that I had no trouble learning
it.
It was something new to me, of course, but once I started learning and applying it, it
was fun.
Just like with anything, the more you do it, the easier it becomes.
It's just a wonderful provision that the brothers have made for us.
I try to use the resources that are available on JW.org to enhance my teaching during
family worship.
We practice the new songs, we want to become familiar with them, and be able to sing
them properly, because it's part of our worship to Jehovah.
We want to praise him.
Using the website has allowed our family to draw closer together, to draw closer to Jehovah,
to draw closer to Jesus, and to the whole organization.
JW.org has helped me dig deeper into God's Word.
Now when we watch and apply what we see, we are motivated to strengthen our relationship
with Jehovah.
It brings a tear to my eye, and I can't help but be deeply touched.
Thank you so much, Jehovah.
It's such a privilege to be instructed by Jehovah in such a direct way.
He really knows what we need, giving us such valuable tools for our ministry, for our
personal life, and to help us to draw close to our Heavenly Father.